TESTING.md, before:

# Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock Game - Testing

This section will thoroughly assess all project features to ensure proper functionality as intended. The project's purpose is to enable users to achieve their goals through a straightforward and efficient approach.

## Manual Testing

### Game Page

Manual testing was conducted on the following elements that appear on every page:

- All Gifs on the game page are working properly

 ![Home Interface](assets/images/testing/home.gif)

- When the User selects a Game-Card, the result page will be opened. Points will be added or removed in the scoreboard depending on whether the User wins or loses, and do not change when it is a tie.

- The First Card is the Scissors Game-Card:

![Scissors Game-Card](assets/images/testing/scissors-card.gif)

- The Second Card is the Paper Game-Card:

![Paper Game-Card](assets/images/testing/paper-card.gif)

- The Third Card is the Rock Game-Card:

![Rock Game-Card](assets/images/testing/rock-card.gif)

- The Fourth Card is the Lizard Game-Card:

![Lizard Game-Card](assets/images/testing/lizard-card.gif)

- The Fifth Card is the Spock Game-Card:

![Spock Game-Card](assets/images/testing/spock-card.gif)

### Browser Validation

- The testing on various browsers was also conducted, and the following browsers were tested:

    - Chrome:
    ![Chrome Image](assets/images/testing/chrome.gif)

    - Edge:
    ![Edge Image](assets/images/testing/edge.gif)
    
    - Mozilla:
    ![Mozilla Firefox Image](assets/images/testing/mozila.gif)

    - Opera:
    ![Opera Image](assets/images/testing/opera.gif)

[Back to top](#rock-paper-scissors-lizard-spock-game-testing)

Commit message:

Added scoreboard to zero gif, fixed browser validation gifs and back to top link

TESTING.md, after:

# Rock, Paper, Scissors, Lizard, Spock Game - Testing

This section will thoroughly assess all project features to ensure proper functionality as intended. The project's purpose is to enable users to achieve their goals through a straightforward and efficient approach.

## Manual Testing

### Game Page

Manual testing was conducted on the following elements that appear on the Game Page:

- All Gifs on the Game Page are functioning correctly.

 ![Home Interface](assets/images/testing/home.gif)

- When the User selects a Game-Card, the result page will be opened. Points will be added or removed in the scoreboard depending on whether the User wins or loses, and do not change when it is a tie.

- The First Card is the Scissors Game-Card:

![Scissors Game-Card](assets/images/testing/scissors-card.gif)

- The Second Card is the Paper Game-Card:

![Paper Game-Card](assets/images/testing/paper-card.gif)

- The Third Card is the Rock Game-Card:

![Rock Game-Card](assets/images/testing/rock-card.gif)

- The Fourth Card is the Lizard Game-Card:

![Lizard Game-Card](assets/images/testing/lizard-card.gif)

- The Fifth Card is the Spock Game-Card:

![Spock Game-Card](assets/images/testing/spock-card.gif)

- To reset the scoreboard to zero, the user can simply refresh the page:

![Scoreboard to Zero](assets/images/testing/score.gif)

### Browser Validation

- The testing on various browsers was also conducted, and the following browsers were tested:

- Chrome:

![Chrome Image](assets/images/testing/chrome.gif)

- Edge:

![Edge Image](assets/images/testing/edge.gif)
    
- Mozilla:

![Mozilla Firefox Image](assets/images/testing/mozila.gif)

- Opera:

![Opera Image](assets/images/testing/opera.gif)

[Back to top](#rock-paper-scissors-lizard-spock-game---testing)
